[DB] Liquibase setup in the dedicated submodule of the application - database (#4)
VavelinDev/example-liquibase-integration-tests: README.md

# example-liquibase-intest
Example - Integration tests with Liquibase (plus Spring Boot)

> This demo project demonstrates how to effectively manage database schema changes using ***Liquibase*** library.

Reviewer: The main purpose of the application is to showcase of the integration tests wit oracle and creating destroying schemas.
Liquibase is a secondary item here.

* feature/liquibase - configuration of the Liquibase structures
* feature/intest - configuration of the separate module for Integration Tests

### 2. Database initialization

> When running the app for the first time, prepare the database to work with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running the example application for the first time, prepare the oracle database to work with.
```

Author: Modified

Run the SQL statements included in 'database/src/main/resources/init/users.sql', use a user with the DBA role.

### 3. Liquibase changes
Run the following command to update changes in your database structures:
```shell
./gradlew update
```

> SQL files for step '0' in 'database/src/main/resources/changes' intentionally left blank.

Reviewer: What is the reason?

Author: To serve as a template for the user. Sample sql files are necessary to show how to include them in the 'changelog.yml' while the example app does not have any business logic.

On this basis add next revisions of the database with db operations defined in the sql files in this directory.
Each revision should be noted in the 'database/src/main/resources/changelog.yml' file.

💡

> <small>Running the ```./gradlew updateSQL``` command before the above you can generate SQL scripts reflecting 

Reviewer: How about:

The command ./gradlew updateSQL serves as a dry run variant of the update command. Instead of directly implementing the SQL instructions on the database, it outputs these instructions to the console. This feature proves useful when there's a desire to manually review or execute the scripts, such as through an SQL console.

Author: Changed
